## /
* .gitignore - Directories and files to be ignored by git.
* README.md - The text you are currently reading.
* TESTME - Executes the project's unit tests. Run it in the terminal with "./TESTME". Describes which tests pass or fail.
* package.json - Describes metadata for this Node.js module.
* Directories week1, 2, 3 and 4 hold the files that were used for the course's warmup section.

### Santorini/

#### Admin/
* configure-tournament.js - Creates a Tournament based on a JSON input that specifies which Players will be playing.
* guarded-player.js - A wrapper for Player implementations that protects all calls to Players with timeouts and checks
for exceptions.
* match-table.js - A data structure that contains all matches between players of a tournament
and updates itself appropriately to record cheating.
* player-name-checker.js - Ensures that player names are unique, setting new names if necessary.
* referee.js - Contains the Referee component that manages a game (or series) between two Players.
* tournament-manager.js - A class that manages a round-robin tournament between a given list of Players.
* tournament-result.js - The result of a tournament, including all matches and all Players that cheated.


#### Common/
All code that both administrative components and player components need to access.

* board.js - Implements the specification of a Santorini board, which is the model for the game. Stores game state of
the board and its workers.
* constants.js - Defines a set of constants to be used throughout the Santorini game.
* direction.js - Defines a set of coordinates that can be used to find positions based
 on cardinal directions. Also exposes some helper functions for parsing and converting
  between them.
* game-result.js - Contains a class that represents the result of a single game between two Players.
* json-to-component.js - Functions to convert JSON data to objects for use by test harnesses.
 Includes a Worker parser and a BoardSpec parser.
* observer-interface.js - Interface that any Observer implementation (for use in a Referee) should conform to.
* player-interface.js - Interface that any Player implementation should conform to.
* request-format-checker.js - A group of functions that check the well-formedness of requests generated by a Player.
* rulechecker.js - Manages the various rules of the game by allowing admins and players to check for validity at all
phases of the game.
* worker.js - Stores data for a Worker, to be used by the board. 


#### Design/
Contains our specifications and interfaces for the design of the Santorini game.

* tournament-manager.js - Design for the component that will run a round-robin tournament of Santorini games between
an arbitrary number of Players.
* tournament-result.js - Interface for the data container that a TournamentManager will use to return tournament results.


#### Lib/
All library-like code.

* json.ne - Defines a nearley grammar for parsing JSON strings.
* json-parser.js - Robust JSON parser that parses input strings into one or more JSON values, using nearley and the above two files.
* jsongrammar.js - The compiled grammar from json.ne.
* promise-json-socket.js - Class that provides a Promise-ified interface for a TCP socket, allowing users to read and send JSON values.
* promise-protector.js - Function that wraps a Promise, rejecting if the promise times out or throws an error.


#### Observer/
* observer.js - An interface for a component that can observe (i.e. be notified
of) any externally significant events occurring in an interaction between two Players.


#### Player/
* player.js - Implementation of a working Player that can
participate in a game of Santorini. This implementation uses a local AI Strategy
to generate worker placements and turns.
* player-all-breaker.js - A Player implementation that either returns bad data or rejects.
* player-infinite.js - A Player implementation that only returns empty Promises, which never resolve into values,
thereby simulating it entering an infinite loop.
* player-turn-breaker.js - A Player implementation that only returns malformed game data when asked for worker
placements or turns.
* strategy.js - Implements a strategy component for automatically choosing moves based on decision trees.

#### Remote/
* client.js - Client that manages a connection between a player and a Santorini tournament server.
* client-config-reader.js - Component that reads in a configuration file for a series of player clients that
will connect to a Santorini tournament server. Creates the specified set of player+clients if the configuration is well-formed.
* client-message-converter.js - Component that handles client-side JSON message conversion. Provides functions to
converts JSON network messages to corresponding program data, and vice versa.
* client-message-form-checker.js - Component that checks the well-formedness of JSON messages relevant to the client.
* remote-proxy-player.js - Implements the Player interface. Used by server-side components to handle communication
 with a remote player over a TCP connection.
* remote-proxy-referee.js - Handles client-side translation of game-level messages into communication with the client
 player.
* remote-proxy-tournament-manager.js - Handles client-side translation of tournament-level messages into communication
with the client player.
* server.js - Server that accepts TCP connections from remote players, and runs a Santorini tournament between the players.
* server-config-reader.js - Component that reads in a configuration file, and creates the specified server
if the configuration is well-formed.
* server-message-converter.js - Component that handles server-side JSON message conversion. Provides functions to
converts JSON network messages to corresponding program data, and vice versa.
* server-message-form-checker.js - Component that checks the well-formedness of JSON messages relevant to the server.

#### test/
All of our unit tests for the various components. Every file in the Santorini project (that is not an imported package
or library code) has a corresponding unit test file.

### 6/
Stores the test harness for week 6: Implementing Common Pieces

* xboard - Executable for running the board test harness. Interactively run it in the terminal with "./xboard" or give
it a predifined input file with "./xboard < [JSON file input]".

#### board-tests/
Stores the input files for use in the test fest. Each "in" file has a sequence of JSON inputs and each "out" files have
the expected results to the corresponding input.

#### Auxiliary/
* xboard.js - The board test harness code used to take parse inputs and submit results.

### 7/
Stores the test harness for week 7: Implementing the Rule Checker

* xrules - Executable for running the rules test harness. Interactively run it in the terminal with "./xrules" or give
it a predifined input file with "./xrules < [JSON file input]".

#### rules-tests/
Stores the input files for use in the test fest. Each "in" file has a sequence of JSON inputs and each "out" files have
the expected results to the corresponding input.

#### Auxiliary/
* xrules.js - The rulechecker test harness code used to take parse inputs and submit results.

### 8/
Stores the test harness for week 8: Implementing the Player and its Strategy

* xstrategy - Executable for running the strategy test harness. Interactively run it in the terminal with "./xstrategy"
or give it a predifined input file with "./xstrategy < [JSON file input]".

#### strategy-tests/
Stores the input files for use in the test fest. Each "in" file has a sequence of JSON inputs and each "out" files have
the expected results to the corresponding input.

#### Auxiliary/
* xstrategy.js - The strategy test harness code used to take parse inputs and submit results.

### 10/

* xobserve - Executable for running a complete game of Santorini between two Players, managed by a Referee, with an
Observer on the Referee printing significant actions in the game to stdout.

#### Auxiliary/
* observe-complete-ai-game.js - The file that xobserver runs.

### 11/

* xrun - Executable for configuring and running a complete tournament, according to a configuration file piped through STDIN.

#### santorini.rc/
* 1-in.json, 1-out.json - Test input and output for the executable.

#### Aux/
* observe-complete-ai-game.js - The file that xrun runs.

### 12off/


### 13

* xserver - Executable that reads in a configuration file, and configures and starts up a server.

* xclients - Executable that reads in a configuration file, and configures and starts up a set of player clients
that connect to a running server.

#### server-tests/

* 1-in.json - Specifies a non-repeating server that waits for 3 players.

#### client-tests/

* 1-in.json - Specifies a 3-player set of clients, with one good player and two infinite players.
* 1-out.json - The results of the tournament between the players in 1-in.json